c:\users\mario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileWatcher\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\FileWatcher.exe.config
c:\users\mario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileWatcher\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\FileWatcher.exe
c:\users\mario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileWatcher\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\FileWatcher.pdb
c:\users\mario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\mario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\mario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\mario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\mario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\mario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.g.resources
c:\users\mario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.exe
c:\users\mario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.pdb
C:\Users\mario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Options.g.cs
C:\Users\mario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Options.baml
C:\Users\mario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Errorbehandlung.g.cs
C:\Users\mario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Errorbehandlung.baml
C:\Users\mario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\ShowLog.g.cs
C:\Users\mario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\ShowLog.baml
C:\Users\mario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\SetPath.g.cs
C:\Users\mario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\SetPath.baml
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Projects\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\FileWatcher.exe.config
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Projects\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.exe
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Projects\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.pdb
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Projects\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\FileWatcher.exe
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Projects\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\FileWatcher.pdb
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Projects\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Errorbehandlung.g.cs
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Projects\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Projects\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\SetPath.g.cs
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Projects\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\ShowLog.g.cs
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Projects\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Projects\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Projects\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Projects\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Errorbehandlung.baml
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Projects\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Projects\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\SetPath.baml
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Projects\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\ShowLog.baml
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Projects\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.g.resources
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Projects\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Projects\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Projects\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\DirectoryWatcher.g.cs
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Projects\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\DirectoryWatcher.baml
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Projects\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Projects\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Stats.g.cs
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Projects\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Stats.baml
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Projects\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Logs_Bereinigung.g.cs
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Projects\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Logs_Bereinigung.baml
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Projects\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Projects\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Changelog.g.cs
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Projects\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Changelog.baml
C:\Users\mario\source\repos\MadsDocs\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\FileWatcher.exe.config
C:\Users\mario\source\repos\MadsDocs\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\FileWatcher.exe
C:\Users\mario\source\repos\MadsDocs\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\FileWatcher.pdb
C:\Users\mario\source\repos\MadsDocs\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\mario\source\repos\MadsDocs\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Changelog.g.cs
C:\Users\mario\source\repos\MadsDocs\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\DirectoryWatcher.g.cs
C:\Users\mario\source\repos\MadsDocs\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Errorbehandlung.g.cs
C:\Users\mario\source\repos\MadsDocs\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Logs_Bereinigung.g.cs
C:\Users\mario\source\repos\MadsDocs\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\mario\source\repos\MadsDocs\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\SetPath.g.cs
C:\Users\mario\source\repos\MadsDocs\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\ShowLog.g.cs
C:\Users\mario\source\repos\MadsDocs\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Stats.g.cs
C:\Users\mario\source\repos\MadsDocs\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\mario\source\repos\MadsDocs\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\mario\source\repos\MadsDocs\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\mario\source\repos\MadsDocs\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Changelog.baml
C:\Users\mario\source\repos\MadsDocs\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\DirectoryWatcher.baml
C:\Users\mario\source\repos\MadsDocs\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Errorbehandlung.baml
C:\Users\mario\source\repos\MadsDocs\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Logs_Bereinigung.baml
C:\Users\mario\source\repos\MadsDocs\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\mario\source\repos\MadsDocs\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\SetPath.baml
C:\Users\mario\source\repos\MadsDocs\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\ShowLog.baml
C:\Users\mario\source\repos\MadsDocs\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Stats.baml
C:\Users\mario\source\repos\MadsDocs\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.g.resources
C:\Users\mario\source\repos\MadsDocs\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\mario\source\repos\MadsDocs\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\mario\source\repos\MadsDocs\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\mario\source\repos\MadsDocs\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.exe
C:\Users\mario\source\repos\MadsDocs\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.pdb
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\FileWatcher.exe.config
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\FileWatcher.exe
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\FileWatcher.pdb
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Changelog.g.cs
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\DirectoryWatcher.g.cs
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Errorbehandlung.g.cs
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Logs_Bereinigung.g.cs
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\SetPath.g.cs
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\ShowLog.g.cs
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Stats.g.cs
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Changelog.baml
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\DirectoryWatcher.baml
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Errorbehandlung.baml
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Logs_Bereinigung.baml
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\SetPath.baml
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\ShowLog.baml
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Stats.baml
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.g.resources
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.exe
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.pdb
F:\Filewatcher\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\FileWatcher.exe.config
F:\Filewatcher\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\FileWatcher.exe
F:\Filewatcher\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\FileWatcher.pdb
F:\Filewatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
F:\Filewatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Changelog.g.cs
F:\Filewatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\DirectoryWatcher.g.cs
F:\Filewatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Errorbehandlung.g.cs
F:\Filewatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Logs_Bereinigung.g.cs
F:\Filewatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
F:\Filewatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\SetPath.g.cs
F:\Filewatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\ShowLog.g.cs
F:\Filewatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Stats.g.cs
F:\Filewatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
F:\Filewatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher_MarkupCompile.cache
F:\Filewatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher_MarkupCompile.lref
F:\Filewatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Changelog.baml
F:\Filewatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\DirectoryWatcher.baml
F:\Filewatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Errorbehandlung.baml
F:\Filewatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Logs_Bereinigung.baml
F:\Filewatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
F:\Filewatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\SetPath.baml
F:\Filewatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\ShowLog.baml
F:\Filewatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Stats.baml
F:\Filewatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.g.resources
F:\Filewatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.Properties.Resources.resources
F:\Filewatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
F:\Filewatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.exe
F:\Filewatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.pdb
F:\Filewatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\ShowInfra.g.cs
F:\Filewatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\ShowInfra.baml
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\FileWatcher.exe.config
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\FileWatcher.exe
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\FileWatcher.pdb
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Changelog.g.cs
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\DirectoryWatcher.g.cs
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Errorbehandlung.g.cs
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Logs_Bereinigung.g.cs
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\SetPath.g.cs
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\ShowInfra.g.cs
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\ShowLog.g.cs
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Stats.g.cs
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher_MarkupCompile.lref
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Changelog.baml
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\DirectoryWatcher.baml
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Errorbehandlung.baml
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Logs_Bereinigung.baml
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\SetPath.baml
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\ShowInfra.baml
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\ShowLog.baml
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Stats.baml
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.g.resources
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.exe
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.pdb
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\runtimes\win-x86\native\e_sqlite3.dll
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\runtimes\win-x64\native\e_sqlite3.dll
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\runtimes\win-arm\native\e_sqlite3.dll
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Sqlite.dll
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.nativelibrary.dll
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.provider.dynamic_cdecl.dll
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\System.Memory.dll
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Sqlite.xml
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.xml
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\System.Memory.xml
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\System.Numerics.Vectors.xml
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher_Content.g.cs
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.csproj.CopyComplete
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Settings.g.cs
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Settings.baml
D:\FileWatcher_BITBUCKET\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\runtimes\win-x86\native\e_sqlite3.dll
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\runtimes\win-x64\native\e_sqlite3.dll
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\runtimes\win-arm\native\e_sqlite3.dll
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Sqlite.dll
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.nativelibrary.dll
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.provider.dynamic_cdecl.dll
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\System.Memory.dll
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Sqlite.xml
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.xml
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\System.Memory.xml
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\System.Numerics.Vectors.xml
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.csproj.SuggestedBindingRedirects.cache
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Settings.g.cs
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\ShowInfra.g.cs
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\Settings.baml
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\ShowInfra.baml
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\mario\OneDrive\Dokumente\GitHub\FIleWatcher\FileWatcher\obj\Debug\FileWatcher.csproj.CopyComplete
